capital = 995 # Rangoon

oob = "BRM_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_cosmetic_tag = BRM_british # Gets them the correct starting flag

recruit_character = BRM_acgs
recruit_character = BRM_acr
recruit_character = BRM_stc
recruit_character = BRM_ncm
recruit_character = BRM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRM_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRM_coi
recruit_character = BRM_pot
recruit_character = BRM_aa2
recruit_character = BRM_awt
recruit_character = BRM_acas
recruit_character = BRM_mt
recruit_character = BRM_nccr
recruit_character = BRM_ai2
recruit_character = BRM_ncs
recruit_character = BRM_aco2
recruit_character = BRM_acd2
recruit_character = BRM_nt
recruit_character = BRM_ar
recruit_character = BRM_fascist_guy




set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 72
	fascism = 2
	communism = 14
	neutrality = 12
}

recruit_character = BRM_archibald_cochrane
recruit_character = BRM_ne_win
recruit_character = BRM_ba_maw
recruit_character = BRM_u_nu
recruit_character = BRM_myat_phaya_lat


