capital = 656 # Kuwait City

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

IF = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}

set_convoys = 5

set_cosmetic_tag = KUW_protectorate

recruit_character = KUW_ahmad_al_sabah
recruit_character = KUW_pot
recruit_character = KUW_aco2
recruit_character = KUW_mt
recruit_character = KUW_ar
recruit_character = KUW_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KUW_acd2
recruit_character = KUW_ncm
recruit_character = KUW_ai2
recruit_character = KUW_acas
recruit_character = KUW_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KUW_aa2
recruit_character = KUW_awt
recruit_character = KUW_coi
recruit_character = KUW_stc
recruit_character = KUW_acgs
recruit_character = KUW_nccr
recruit_character = KUW_ncs
recruit_character = KUW_nt
recruit_character = KUW_communist_guy
recruit_character = KUW_acr


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 40
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 58
}


