capital = 8 # Luxembourg City

oob = "LUX_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

IF = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}

set_war_support = 0.15
set_stability = 0.7

recruit_character = LUX_joseph_bech
recruit_character = LUX_charles_marx
recruit_character = LUX_damian_kratzenberg
recruit_character = LUX_charlotte
recruit_character = LUX_damien_roeser
recruit_character = LUX_florent_destriveaux
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_fischbach
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_soisson
recruit_character = LUX_alex_federspiel
recruit_character = LUX_henri_ahnen
recruit_character = LUX_emile_speller
recruit_character = LUX_francois_schammel
recruit_character = LUX_aloyse_glodt
recruit_character = LUX_nicolas_de_dixmude
recruit_character = LUX_paul_medinger
recruit_character = LUX_nicholas_diedrich
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_krier
recruit_character = LUX_martin_karp
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_konsbruck
recruit_character = LUX_felix_of_luxembourg




set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.6.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 70
	neutrality = 15
	fascism = 12
	communism = 3
}


